MM-29281 Cypress environment variables (#701)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/webapp/end-to-end-tests.md

    - Initiate via node CLI to selectively run specs based on test metadata, e.g. `node run_tests.js --group='@accessibility'` which will run all specs with `@accessibility` metadata.
3.  Tests are executed according to your selection and will display whether the tests passed or failed.

### Environment Variables

> There are several environment variables we're using for Cypress testing with the primary purpose:

Reviewer: This just needs a line break between the header and content.

Author: Done. Also, change similar format in this page.

> There are several environment variables we're using for Cypress testing with the primary purpose:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use several environment variables for Cypress testing in order to:
```

Author: Done.

> - to easily change when running in CI, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Easily change when running in CI.
```

Author: Done.

> - to cater different values across developer machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cater to different values across developer machines.
```

Author: Done.

> Environment variables are defined in "[cypress.json](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-webapp/blob/master/e2e/cypress.json)" under `env` key. In most cases, you don't need to change the values as it make use of the default local developer setup, but when you do, the easiest is to override by exporting `CYPRESS_*`, where `*` is the key of the variable like `CYPRESS_adminUsername`. See [Cypress documentation](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/guides/environment-variables.html#Setting) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment variables are [defined in `cypress.json`](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-webapp/blob/master/e2e/cypress.json)" under the `env` key. In most cases, you don't need to change the values as it makes use of the default local developer setup. However, when you do the easiest method is to override by exporting `CYPRESS_*`, where `*` is the key of the variable, for example: `CYPRESS_adminUsername`. See [Cypress documentation](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/guides/environment-variables.html#Setting) for details.
```

Reviewer: I'm not 100% sure that the suggested formatting for cypress.json will render properly, if it doesn't it can be discarded.

Author: Backticks don't have any effect, and so I removed it.

Done.

| Variable            | Description                                |
|---------------------|--------------------------------------------|

> | CYPRESS\_adminUsername | Admin's username the test server.<br><br>Default: `"sysadmin"` when server is seeded by `make test-data`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CYPRESS\_adminUsername | Admin's username for the test server.<br><br>Default: *sysadmin* when server is seeded by `make test-data`. |
```

Author: Can we remain the sysadmin enclosed with backtick and double quote? With the suggested format, the default value is not being highlighted. See screenshot.
<img width="822" alt="Screen Shot 2020-10-05 at 8 22 09 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5334504/95079225-e4a52500-0748-11eb-80f3-7b639e44371e.png">

Reviewer: Absolutely! :)

> | CYPRESS\_adminPassword | Admin's password the test server.<br><br>Default: `"Sys@dmin-sample1"` when server is seeded by `make test-data`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CYPRESS\_adminPassword | Admin's password for the test server.<br><br>Default: *Sys@dmin-sample1* when server is seeded by `make test-data`. |
```

Author: Done.

> | CYPRESS\_dbClient | The database of the test server. It should match with the server config `SqlSettings.DriverName`.<br><br>Default: `"postgres"` <br>Valid values: `"postgres"` or `"mysql"` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CYPRESS\_dbClient | The database of the test server. It should match with the server config `SqlSettings.DriverName`.<br><br>Default: `postgres` <br>Valid values: `postgres` or `mysql` |
```

Author: Done.

| CYPRESS\_dbConnection | The database connection string of the test server. It should match with the server config `SqlSettings.DataSource`.<br><br> Default: `"postgres://mmuser:mostest@localhost/mattermost_test?sslmode=disable\u0026connect_timeout=10"` |
| CYPRESS\_enableVisualTest | Use for visual regression testing.<br><br>Default: `false` <br>Valid values: `true` or `false` |

> | CYPRESS\_ldapServer | Host of LDAP server.<br><br>Default: `"localhost"` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CYPRESS\_ldapServer | Host of LDAP server.<br><br>Default: `localhost` |
```

Author: Done.

| CYPRESS\_ldapPort | Port of LDAP server.<br><br>Default: `389` |
| CYPRESS\_runLDAPSync | Option to run LDAP sync.<br><br>Default: `true` |
| CYPRESS\_resetBeforeTest | When set to `true`, it deletes all teams and its channels where `sysadmin` are member of except `eligendi` team and its channels.<br><br>Default: `false` |

> | CYPRESS\_storybookUrl | Host for common components or widget testing. <br><br> Default: `"http://localhost:6006/"` when initiated `npm run storybook` from the root folder. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CYPRESS\_storybookUrl | Host for common components or widget testing. <br><br> Default: `http://localhost:6006/` when initiated `npm run storybook` from the root folder. |
```

Author: Done.

> | CYPRESS\_webhookBaseUrl | A server used for testing webhook integration.<br><br>Default: `"http://localhost:3000"` when initiated `npm run start:webhook`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CYPRESS\_webhookBaseUrl | A server used for testing webhook integration.<br><br>Default: `http://localhost:3000` when initiated `npm run start:webhook`. |
```

Author: Done.

    - Initiate via node CLI to selectively run specs based on test metadata, e.g. `node run_tests.js --group='@accessibility'` which will run all specs with `@accessibility` metadata.
3.  Tests are executed according to your selection and will display whether the tests passed or failed.

### Environment Variables

We use several environment variables for Cypress testing in order to:
- Easily change when running in CI.
- Cater to different values across developer machines.

> Environment variables are [defined in cypress.json](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-webapp/blob/master/e2e/cypress.json) under the `env` key. In most cases, you don't need to change the values as it makes use of the default local developer setup. However, when you do the easiest method is to override by exporting `CYPRESS_*`, where `*` is the key of the variable, for example: `CYPRESS_adminUsername`. See [Cypress documentation](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/guides/environment-variables.html#Setting) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Environment variables are [defined in cypress.json](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-webapp/blob/master/e2e/cypress.json) under the `env` key. In most cases you don't need to change the values, because it makes use of the default local developer setup. If you do need to make changes, the easiest method is to override by exporting `CYPRESS_*`, where `*` is the key of the variable, for example: `CYPRESS_adminUsername`. See [Cypress documentation](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/guides/environment-variables.html#Setting) for details.
```

Author: Done.

| Variable            | Description                                |
|---------------------|--------------------------------------------|
| CYPRESS\_adminUsername | Admin's username for the test server.<br><br>Default: `sysadmin` when server is seeded by `make test-data`. |
| CYPRESS\_adminPassword | Admin's password for the test server.<br><br>Default: `Sys@dmin-sample1` when server is seeded by `make test-data`. |

> | CYPRESS\_dbClient | The database of the test server. It should match with the server config `SqlSettings.DriverName`.<br><br>Default: `postgres` <br>Valid values: `postgres` or `mysql` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| CYPRESS\_dbClient | The database of the test server. It should match the server config `SqlSettings.DriverName`.<br><br>Default: `postgres` <br>Valid values: `postgres` or `mysql` |
```

Author: Done.

> | CYPRESS\_dbClient | The database of the test server. It should match with the server config `SqlSettings.DriverName`.<br><br>Default: `postgres` <br>Valid values: `postgres` or `mysql` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| CYPRESS\_dbClient | The database of the test server. It should match the server config `SqlSettings.DriverName`.<br><br>Default: `postgres` <br>Valid values: `postgres` or `mysql` |
```

Author: Done.

> | CYPRESS\_dbConnection | The database connection string of the test server. It should match with the server config `SqlSettings.DataSource`.<br><br> Default: `"postgres://mmuser:mostest@localhost/mattermost_test?sslmode=disable\u0026connect_timeout=10"` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| CYPRESS\_dbConnection | The database connection string of the test server. It should match the server config `SqlSettings.DataSource`.<br><br> Default: `"postgres://mmuser:mostest@localhost/mattermost_test?sslmode=disable\u0026connect_timeout=10"` |
```

Author: Done.

| CYPRESS\_enableVisualTest | Use for visual regression testing.<br><br>Default: `false`<br>Valid values: `true` or `false` |
| CYPRESS\_ldapServer | Host of LDAP server.<br><br>Default: `localhost` |
| CYPRESS\_ldapPort | Port of LDAP server.<br><br>Default: `389` |
| CYPRESS\_runLDAPSync | Option to run LDAP sync.<br><br>Default: `true`<br>Valid values: `true` or `false` |

> | CYPRESS\_resetBeforeTest | When set to `true`, it deletes all teams and its channels where `sysadmin` are member of except `eligendi` team and its channels.<br><br>Default: `false`<br>Valid values: `true` or `false` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| CYPRESS\_resetBeforeTest | When set to `true`, it deletes all teams and their channels where `sysadmin` is a member except `eligendi` team and its channels.<br><br>Default: `false`<br>Valid values: `true` or `false` |
```

Author: Done.

7. Refer to [this pull request](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-webapp/pull/5891/files) as a guide on how to write and submit an end-to-end testing PR.

> ### Adding test metadata on spec files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Adding Test Metadata on Spec Files
```
